New blog alerting and anomaly detection visualizations (#1804)
opensearch-project/project-website: _posts/2023-07-20-alert-anomaly-visual.md

## Getting started

The alerting and anomaly detection visualizations feature is automatically enabled. You can turn it off by going to **OpenSearch Dashboards** > **Stack Management** > **Advanced Settings** and toggling off **Enable plugin augmentation**, which is in the **Visualization** pane. Before getting started with this feature, make sure you have:

* Installed OpenSearch and OpenSearch Dashboards version 2.9 or later. See [Installing OpenSearch]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/install-and-configure/install-opensearch/index/).
* Installed Anomaly Detector or Alerting plugins. See [Managing OpenSearch Dashboards plugins]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/install-and-configure/install-dashboards/plugins/) for more information.
* Started your local environment. Because OpenSearch Playground is read-only, use your local environment to perform the steps in the following tutorials.

In this blog, you'll learn to:

- Create a new visualization based on a line chart.
- Create a new detector or monitor.
- Add a detector from a visualization workflow.
- Add a monitor from a visualiztiona workflow.

> Note that currently only y-axis metric aggregations and x-axis date histogram aggregations are supported. 

Author: Is this sentence worded correctly?

category:
  - community
excerpt: 
---

# Introduction

Prior to OpenSearch 2.9, users maintain state between the data they were viewing in the Discover and Dashboard interfaces and the data needed to create a new anomaly detector or alert monitor. Users provided feedback that creating new detectors or monitors was difficult because of context switching. With OpenSearch 2.9, users who use anomaly detection and alerting can create anomaly detectors and alerting monitors directly from their OpenSearch Dashboards [Vizlib](https://home.vizlib.com/) chart or line visualizations with select aggregations. After creating the new detector or monitor/alert, users can view anomalies or alerts overlaying the configured visualization. For users who have defined detectors or monitors, they can associate their existing detectors or monitors to the visualization, which helps track services that are not specific to the visualization, such as a dependent service.

Learn how this feature works by trying it out today! Follow the steps under [Getting started](<insert-link>) and let us know how the feature works for you by leaving feedback in the [<OpenSearch Dashboards Forum>](insert-link).

> In this blog, you'll learn to create a new detector or monitor and add monitors and detectors to a visualization by way of the visualization, instead of through the Alerting or Anomaly Detection plugin pages.

Author: Is this statement accurate?

Reviewer: Yes :)

meta_description: Integrating alerts and anomalies visualizations across OpenSearch Dashboards applications.
twittercard:
  description: Learn about integrating alerts and anomalies visualizations across OpenSearch Dashboards applications.
category:
  - community
excerpt: 
---

# Introduction

Prior to OpenSearch 2.9, users maintain state between the data they were viewing in the Discover and Dashboard interfaces and the data needed to create a new anomaly detector or alert monitor. Users provided feedback that creating new detectors or monitors was difficult because of context switching. With OpenSearch 2.9, users who use anomaly detection and alerting can create anomaly detectors and alerting monitors directly from their OpenSearch Dashboards [Vizlib](https://home.vizlib.com/) chart or line visualizations with select aggregations. After creating the new detector or monitor/alert, users can view anomalies or alerts overlaying the configured visualization. For users who have defined detectors or monitors, they can associate their existing detectors or monitors to the visualization, which helps track services that are not specific to the visualization, such as a dependent service.

> Learn how this feature works by trying it out today! Follow the steps under [Getting started](<insert-link>) and let us know how the feature works for you by leaving feedback in the [<OpenSearch Dashboards Forum>](insert-link).

Author: Is this an accurate statement?

---
layout: post
title: "Visualizing alerts and anomalies using OpenSearch Dashboards visualization tools and applications"

> authors: 

Author: Are these all the authors? Please provide author bio including headshot for all authors, if they haven't previously provided one.

Author: @brijos Blog is ready for your review.

  - jdbright
  - ashisagr
  - ohltyler
  - amgalitz
  - hnyng
  - xeniatup
date: 2023-07-20
meta_keywords: alerting, anomaly detection, alert, anomaly, observabilty, dashboard, dashboards, visualizations, visualize

> meta_description: Integrating alerts and anomalies visualizations across OpenSearch Dashboards applications.

Reviewer 2: "Integrating alerts and anomalies visualizations across OpenSearch Dashboards applications." sounds confusing to me, maybe "Integrating alerts and anomalies with OpenSearch Dashboard visualizations"?

---
layout: post
title: "Visualizing alerts and anomalies using OpenSearch Dashboards visualization tools and applications"
authors: 
  - jdbright
  - ashisagr
  - ohltyler
  - amgalitz
  - hnyng
  - vagimeli
  - xeniatup
date: 2023-07-20
meta_keywords: alerting, anomaly detection, alert, anomaly, observabilty, dashboard, dashboards, visualizations, visualize
meta_description: Integrating alerts and anomalies visualizations across OpenSearch Dashboards applications.
twittercard:
  description: Learn about integrating alerts and anomalies visualizations across OpenSearch Dashboards applications.
category:
  - community
excerpt: 
---

# Introduction

> Prior to OpenSearch 2.9, users maintain state between the data they were viewing in the Discover and Dashboard interfaces and the data needed to create a new anomaly detector or alert monitor. Users provided feedback that creating new detectors or monitors was difficult because of context switching. With OpenSearch 2.9, users who use anomaly detection and alerting can create anomaly detectors and alerting monitors directly from their OpenSearch Dashboards [Vizlib](https://home.vizlib.com/) chart or line visualizations with select aggregations. After creating the new detector or monitor/alert, users can view anomalies or alerts overlaying the configured visualization. For users who have defined detectors or monitors, they can associate their existing detectors or monitors to the visualization, which helps track services that are not specific to the visualization, such as a dependent service.

Reviewer: Vizlib is incorrect here, maybe you are confusing it with the internal `vislib` library implemented within dashboards. For user's sake, this doesn't need to be explained, and we can keep it simple by just saying "line visualizations".

Author: Revised

In this blog, you'll learn to create a new detector or monitor and add monitors and detectors to a visualization by way of the visualization, instead of through the Alerting or Anomaly Detection plugin pages.

## Terms to know

Here are terms you need to know:

- _OpenSearch Dashboards visualizations_ are visualizations defined within a dashboard.
- _Anomaly Detection plugin_ is the free OpenSearch plugin using the [Random Cut Forest algorithm](https://github.com/aws/random-cut-forest-by-aws) (that is, an unsupervised algorithm for detecting anomalous data points within a dataset) to detect anomalies in aggregated data.
- _Alerting plugin_ is the free OpenSearch plugin used to monitor and trigger alerts on OpenSearch's health and machine-generated logs.

## Getting started

> The alerting and anomaly detection visualizations feature is automatically enabled. You can turn it off by going to **OpenSearch Dashboards** > **Stack Management** > **Advanced Settings** and toggling off **Enable plugin augmentation**, which is in the **Visualization** pane. Before getting started with this feature, make sure you have:

Reviewer: "The alerting and anomaly detection visualizations feature" is confusing, I think we can just say "The feature"

* Installed Anomaly Detector or Alerting plugins. See [Managing OpenSearch Dashboards plugins]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/install-and-configure/install-dashboards/plugins/) for more information.
* Started your local environment. Because OpenSearch Playground is read-only, use your local environment to perform the steps in the following tutorials.

Note that currently only y-axis metric (count, average, max, etc.) aggregations and x-axis date histogram aggregations are supported. 

### Creating a monitor or detector through a visualization

To create a new monitor or detector by way of a visualization, first [save your dashboard]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/dashboards/dashboard/index/#saving-dashboards). Then select **Alerting** or **Anomaly Detection** from the **Options** context menu dropdown. The following image gives you a snapshot of the interface. Tip: If you are using static thresholds (for example, metrics to monitor CPU spikes, memory usage, or disk usage), create an alerting monitor; otherwise, create an anomaly detector.

> <img width="720" alt="dashboard-options-context-menu" src="https://github.com/vagimeli/project-website/assets/105296784/bee46a40-f674-482c-bd21-b288981f1d52">

Reviewer: nit: I imagine we want the assets to be in the core repository instead of your forked one.

Author: Yes, I've added them to the core repo and replaced the images herein.

##### Figure 1. Interface showing dashboard panel with **Options** context menu 

> Regardless of whether you choose Alerting or Anomaly Detection, certain information, based on the visualization's data, about alerts and anomalies is automatically populated. Optionally, instead of creating a new monitor or detector, you can associate existing monitors or detectors. Learn more about this workflow in the respective OpenSearch documentation, [Alerting visualizations and dashboards](<insert-link>) and [Anomaly detection visualizations and dashboards](<insert-link>). 

Reviewer: Is there separate documentation for association? I see in the below workflows you describe both the creation & association - is that sufficient?

Author: Updated links.

2. Select **Add alerting monitor** from the **Alerting** context menu dropdown, as shown in the following image.

<img width="884" alt="add-monitor" src="https://github.com/vagimeli/project-website/assets/105296784/0a11b123-779c-4336-b28c-ba61b2983b5b">
##### Figure 5. Visualization showing Add alerting monitor context menu

3. Choose **Create new monitor** or **Associate existing monitor**.
- If you choose to create a new monitor, input the required information under **Monitor details**.
- If you choose to associate an existing monitor, select a monitor from the dropdown list under **Select monitor to associate**.

4. Select **Create monitor** or **Associate monitor**, as applicable, to add the monitor to your visualization, as shown in the following images.

| Create monitor | Associate monitor |
|:--------------:|:-----------------:|
| <img width="1780" alt="save-new-monitor" src="https://github.com/vagimeli/project-website/assets/105296784/53d0dd80-724d-4f56-bd41-4dad7fcdb4ea"> | <img width="1778" alt="save-associated-monitor" src="https://github.com/vagimeli/project-website/assets/105296784/4ab14032-085a-4383-bfd9-07eddeb58e5e"> |

### Viewing events

> Regardless of whether you choose to create a new monitor or detector or to associate an existing monitor or detector, events on your dashboard are triggered based on the criteria you set up. For a detailed view of the tirgger criteria, go to the **View Events** page. You have two options for accessing the **View Events** menu: Select an event on the visualization itself or select **View Events** from the visualization’s context menu, as shown in the following image.

Reviewer: tirgger => trigger

![events-flyout](https://github.com/vagimeli/project-website/assets/105296784/4f1af73b-39dd-4472-813e-406322b8df89)
##### Figure 7. Events flyout showing alerting and anomaly detectors details and a line chart visualization

## Limitations

Currently, this feature has following limitiations:

> - The number of objects associated with visualizations is limited to <insert>.

Author: What is the number limit? Any other limitations?

Reviewer: Defaults to 10 per visualization. Can be changed in advanced settings. Also, is only eligible for line visualizations.

- <Any other limitations?> 

## Community  feedback

> The OpenSearch Project team seeks your input about this feature. We're continuously working to improve the feature, and we'd love to hear from you about how we can improve the functionality and capability of the alerting and anomaly detection visualizations workflows. Leave your feedback on the [<OpenSearch Forum/GitHub issue>](<insert-link).

Author: Where are we tracking feedback? OpenSearch Forum? GitHub Issue?

Reviewer: Typically we can just link to the github repos and recommend users to create any issues there for any improvements / bug fixes / feature requests / etc.

---
layout: post
title: "Visualizing alerts and anomalies using OpenSearch Dashboards applications"
authors: 
  - jdbright
  - ashisagr
  - ohltyler
  - amgalitz
  - hnyng
  - xeniatup
date: 2023-07-20
meta_keywords: alerting, anomaly detection, alert, anomaly, observabilty, dashboard, dashboards, visualizations, visualize
meta_description: Integrating alerts and anomalies with OpenSearch Dashboard visualizations.
twittercard:
  description: Learn about integrating alerts and anomalies with OpenSearch Dashboard visualizationss.
category:
  - community
excerpt: 
---

# Introduction

> Prior to OpenSearch 2.9, users maintain state between the data they were viewing in the Discover and Dashboard interfaces and the data needed to create a new anomaly detector or alert monitor. Users provided feedback that creating new detectors or monitors was difficult because of context switching. Now, users can create anomaly detectors and alerting monitors directly from their OpenSearch Dashboards line chart visualizations, with select aggregations. After creating the new detector or monitor/alert, users can view anomalies or alerts overlaying the configured visualization. For users who have defined detectors or monitors, they can associate their existing detectors or monitors to the visualization, which helps track services that are not specific to the visualization, such as a dependent service.

Author: @brijos Great rewrite!

![View events flyout interface]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/assets/media/blog-images/2023-07-20-alert-anomaly-visual.md/events-flyout.png)
##### Figure 7. Events flyout showing alerting and anomaly detectors details and a line chart visualization

## Limitations

> Currently, this feature has following limitations:

Reviewer 3: The following is a list of things we want to work more on, but didn't get to...

We need to add that we didn't get to building out all the new components as common components to be used by others. We plan to do that in a follow up release.

- The number of objects associated with visualizations defaults to 10. You can change this in **Advanced settings** > **Visualization** > **<insert-field**.
- Only line chart visuals containing time-series data is supported.

## Community feedback

> The OpenSearch Project team seeks your input about this feature. We're continuously working to improve the feature, and we'd love to hear from you about how we can improve the functionality and capability of the alerting and anomaly detection visualizations workflows. Leave your feedback by [creating an issue](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/issues) in the OpenSearch Project GitHub repository.

Author: @brijos Please confirm these are the correct repo links https://github.com/opensearch-project/alerting-dashboards-plugin and https://github.com/opensearch-project/anomaly-detection-dashboards-plugin.

> The OpenSearch Project team seeks your input about this feature. We're continuously working to improve the feature, and we'd love to hear from you about how we can improve the functionality and capability of the alerting and anomaly detection visualizations workflows. Leave your feedback by [creating an issue](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/issues) in the OpenSearch Project GitHub repository.

Author: Users select the Issues tab to create a feedback issue, correct?

---
layout: post
title: "Visualizing alerts and anomalies using OpenSearch Dashboards applications"
authors: 
  - jdbright
  - ashisagr
  - ohltyler
  - amgalitz
  - ashwinpc
  - hnyng
  - joshuarrrr
  - xeniatup
date: 2023-07-20
meta_keywords: alerting, anomaly detection, alert, anomaly, observabilty, dashboard, dashboards, visualizations, visualize

> meta_description: Integrating alerts and anomalies with OpenSearch Dashboard visualizations.

Reviewer 4: Updated meta: 
**meta_keywords:** anomaly detection, OpenSearch observability, OpenSearch dashboards, OpenSearch Alerting Plugin
**meta_description:** Learn how you can create anomaly detectors and alerting monitors directly from your OpenSearch Dashboard line chart visualizations with select aggregations.

Reviewer 4: Looks like the meta description provided was assigned to the Twitter Card. Please update the meta description with what I provided.

---
layout: post
title: "Overlaying anomalies and alerts on OpenSearch Dashboards visualizations"
authors: 

>   - ashiasgr

Reviewer 5: I would not recommend listing 11 authors for the post. Rather than listing everyone who worked on the feature, which is what I assume we've done here, let's just list actual contributors to the blog post.

  - ohltyler
  - amitgalitz
  - hnyng
  - xeniatup
  - kmleung
  - kroosh
  - rmerqg
  - ashwinpc
  - vagimeli
  - jdbright
date: 2023-07-20
meta_keywords: anomaly detection, OpenSearch observability, OpenSearch dashboards, OpenSearch Alerting Plugin
meta_description: Integrating alerts and anomalies with OpenSearch Dashboard visualizations.
twittercard:
  description: Learn how you can create anomaly detectors and alerting monitors directly from your OpenSearch Dashboard line chart visualizations with select aggregations.
category:
  - community
excerpt: 
---

# Introduction

We have some exciting news to share with you!

> As part of our vision of offering plugin functionality in the dashboards the community loves, we have taken our first step. We have added the workflows of creating anomaly and alerting detectors and monitors, respectfully, into the dashboarding experience. Prior to 2.9, users had to remember the details of what they were looking at in dashboards and then move over to the Anomaly Detection and Alerting plugins to create the desired detectors and alerts. 

Author: Revised

In this blog, you'll learn how to create a new anomaly detector or alerting monitor from a saved visualization and add existing monitors and detectors to a visualization instead of through the Alerting or Anomaly Detection plugin pages. If you have already set up detectors and monitors, you'll learn how to associate them as well. Lastly, you will see how the events overlay onto the visualization, helping drive root cause analysis more efficiently by seeing what events were triggered. Hold on tight!

## Terms to know

Here are terms you need to know:

- _OpenSearch Dashboards visualizations_ are visualizations defined within a dashboard.
- _Anomaly Detection plugin_ is the free OpenSearch plugin using the [Random Cut Forest algorithm](https://github.com/aws/random-cut-forest-by-aws) (that is, an unsupervised algorithm for detecting anomalous data points within a dataset) to detect anomalies in aggregated data.

> - _Alerting plugin_ is the free OpenSearch plugin used to monitor and trigger alerts on OpenSearch's health and machine-generated logs.

Author: No, revised.

* Started your local environment. Because OpenSearch Playground is read-only, use your local environment to perform the steps in the following tutorials.

Note that currently only y-axis metric (count, average, max, and so forth) aggregations and x-axis date histogram aggregations are supported. 

### Creating a monitor or detector through a visualization

To create a new monitor or detector by way of a visualization, first [save your dashboard]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/dashboards/dashboard/index/#saving-dashboards). Then select **Alerting** or **Anomaly Detection** from the **Options** context menu dropdown. The following image gives you a snapshot of the interface. Tip: If you are using static thresholds (for example, metrics to monitor CPU spikes, memory usage, or disk usage), create an alerting monitor; otherwise, create an anomaly detector.

![Options context menu]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/assets/media/blog-images/2023-07-20-alert-anomaly-visual.md/dashboard-options-context-menu.png)
##### Figure 1. Dashboard panel with _Options_ context menu 

> Regardless of whether you choose Alerting or Anomaly Detection, certain information, based on the visualization's data, about alerts and anomalies is automatically populated. Optionally, instead of creating a new monitor or detector, you can associate existing monitors or detectors. The following tutorials guide you through these workflows.  

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Regardless of whether you choose Alerting or Anomaly Detection, certain information about alerts and anomalies, based on the visualization's data, is automatically populated. Optionally, instead of creating a new monitor or detector, you can associate existing monitors or detectors. The following tutorials guide you through these workflows.  
```

### Adding a detector through a visualization 

> To add a detector by way of a visualization, you have two options: creating a new detector or associating an existing detector. Choose the option that meets your use case.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
To add a detector through a visualization, you have two options: create a new detector or associate an existing detector. Choose the option that meets your use case.
```

> 1. On your visualization, select **Anomaly Detection** from the Options context menu dropdown, as shown in the following image. 

Reviewer 5: The list should ideally be introduced by a brief sentence ending in a colon. Also, "dropdown context menu"?

Author: Added sentence and made global changes to use "dropdown context menu."

[Anomaly Detection context menu interface]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/assets/media/blog-images/2023-07-20-alert-anomaly-visual.md/anomaly-options-context-menu.jpg)
##### Figure 2. _Anomaly Detection_ context menu 

> 2. Select **Add anomaly detector** from the **Anomaly Detection** context menu dropdown, as shown in the following image.

Reviewer 5: "dropdown context menu"?

![Add anomaly detector context menu interface]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/assets/media/blog-images/2023-07-20-alert-anomaly-visual.md/add-detector.jpg)
##### Figure 3. _Add anomaly detector_ context menu 

3. Choose **Create new detector** or **Associate existing detector**.
- If you choose to create a new detector, input the required information under **Detector details** and **Model Features**.

> - If you choose to associate an existing detector, select from the dropdown list of detectors under **Select detector to associate**.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- If you choose to associate an existing detector, select a detector from the dropdown list under **Select detector to associate**.
```

4. Select **Create detector** or **Associate detector**, as applicable, to add the detector to your visualization, as shown in the following images.

| Create detector                   | Associate detector           |
|:---------------------------------:|:----------------------------:|
| ![Create detector interface]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/assets/media/blog-images/2023-07-20-alert-anomaly-visual.md/save-new-detector.jpg) | ![Associate existing detector interface]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/assets/media/blog-images/2023-07-20-alert-anomaly-visual.md/save-associated-detector.jpg) |

> Note that if the Alerting plugin is enabled in your cluster, you'll have the option to create a monitor on top of the anomaly detector. To do this, select **Set up alerts** from the success notification popup you receive upon successfully creating the detector. The anomaly detector is prepopulated as a definition method for the alerting monitor. 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Note that if the Alerting plugin is enabled in your cluster, you'll have the option to create a monitor on top of the anomaly detector. To do this, select **Set up alerts** from the success notification pop-up you receive upon successfully creating the detector. The anomaly detector is prepopulated as a definition method for the alerting monitor. 
```

### Adding a monitor through a visualization  

> To create a monitor by way of a visualization, you have two options: creating a new monitor or associating an existing monitor. Choose the option that meets your use case.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
To create a monitor through a visualization, you have two options: create a new monitor or associate an existing monitor. Choose the option that meets your use case.
```

1. On your visualization, select **Alerting** from the Options context menu, as shown in the following image. 

![Alerting context menu interface]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/assets/media/blog-images/2023-07-20-alert-anomaly-visual.md/alerting-options-context-menu.png)
##### Figure 4. _Alerting_ context menu 

> 2. Select **Add alerting monitor** from the **Alerting** context menu dropdown, as shown in the following image.

Reviewer 5: "dropdown context menu"?

![Add Alerting monitor context menu interface]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/assets/media/blog-images/2023-07-20-alert-anomaly-visual.md/add-monitor.png)
##### Figure 5. _Add alerting monitor_ context menu

3. Choose **Create new monitor** or **Associate existing monitor**.
- If you choose to create a new monitor, input the required information under **Monitor details**.
- If you choose to associate an existing monitor, select a monitor from the dropdown list under **Select monitor to associate**.

4. Select **Create monitor** or **Associate monitor**, as applicable, to add the monitor to your visualization, as shown in the following images.

| Create monitor | Associate monitor |
|:--------------:|:-----------------:|
| ![Create monitor interface]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/assets/media/blog-images/2023-07-20-alert-anomaly-visual.md/save-new-monitor.png) | ![Associate monitor interface]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/assets/media/blog-images/2023-07-20-alert-anomaly-visual.md/save-associated-monitor.png) |

### Viewing events

> Regardless of whether you choose to create a new monitor or detector or to associate an existing monitor or detector, events on your dashboard are triggered based on the criteria you set up. For a detailed view of the trigger criteria, go to the **View Events** page. You have two options for accessing the **View Events** menu: Select an event on the visualization itself or select **View Events** from the visualization’s context menu, as shown in the following image.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Regardless of whether you choose to create a new monitor or detector or to associate an existing monitor or detector, events on your dashboard are triggered based on the criteria you select. For a detailed view of the trigger criteria, go to the **View Events** page. You have two options for accessing the **View Events** menu: Select an event on the visualization itself or select **View Events** from the visualization’s context menu, as shown in the following image.
```

![View events context menu interface]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/assets/media/blog-images/2023-07-20-alert-anomaly-visual.md/view-events-context-menu.png)
##### Figure 6. _View events_ context menu

> As shown in the following image, the events flyout has two sections. The top section is the visualization displaying the same aggregate view of events and time range as the visualization on the dashboard. The events flyout can be refreshed to fetch any new data. The bottom section displays the specific event details. This section is arranged by plugin (Anomaly Detection or Alerting), then by the individual plugin resources within that plugin (anomaly detectors or alerting monitors). In this view, you can see which plugin resources are producing events and when those events were produced. An overall event count for each plugin resource is displayed next to the resource name. To display more information about a specific plugin resource or the event it has produced, select the resource name. This opens a new tab that displays the resource details about that plugin. A time range is also fixed at the bottom of the flyout to help visually correlate individual events.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
As shown in the following image, the events flyout has two sections. The top section displays the visualization with the same aggregate view of events and time range as the visualization on the dashboard. The events flyout can be refreshed to fetch any new data. The bottom section displays the specific event details. This section is arranged by plugin (Anomaly Detection or Alerting) and then by the individual plugin resources within that plugin (anomaly detectors or alerting monitors). In this view, you can see which plugin resources are producing events and when those events were produced. An overall event count for each plugin resource is displayed next to the resource name. To display more information about a specific plugin resource or the event it has produced, select the resource name. This opens a new tab that displays the resource details about that plugin. A time range is also fixed at the bottom of the flyout to help visually correlate individual events.
```

![View events flyout interface]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/assets/media/blog-images/2023-07-20-alert-anomaly-visual.md/events-flyout.png)
##### Figure 7. Events flyout showing alerting and anomaly detectors details and a line chart visualization

> We're excited to announce that we're continuing to work on this feature! We're adding new components and making them common components so that you can use them in your own applications. We're also working to remove these limitations: the number of objects associated with visualizations is 10 and only line chart visualizations containing time-series data is supported. We'll have updates in the upcoming release, so stay tuned!

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
As part of our continuing work on this feature, we're adding new components and making them common components so that you can use them in your own applications. We're also working to remove these limitations: 
- The number of objects associated with visualizations is 10.
- Only line chart visualizations containing time-series data are supported. 

We'll have updates in the upcoming release, so stay tuned!
```

> We're excited to announce that we're continuing to work on this feature! We're adding new components and making them common components so that you can use them in your own applications. We're also working to remove these limitations: the number of objects associated with visualizations is 10 and only line chart visualizations containing time-series data is supported. We'll have updates in the upcoming release, so stay tuned!

Reviewer 5: The first limitation doesn't exactly read like one. Can we rephrase?

Author: Revised

## Community feedback

> The OpenSearch Project team wants your feedback about this feature. Let us know how we can improve the functionality and capability of the alerting and anomaly detection visualizations workflows. Leave your feedback in an issue in the [Alerting repository](<insert-link>) or [Anomaly Detection repository](<insert-link>) on GitHub.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
The OpenSearch Project wants your feedback about this feature. Let us know how we can improve the functionality and capability of the alerting and anomaly detection visualization workflows. You can leave your feedback in an issue in the [Alerting repository](<insert-link>) or [Anomaly Detection repository](<insert-link>) on GitHub.
```

> The OpenSearch Project team wants your feedback about this feature. Let us know how we can improve the functionality and capability of the alerting and anomaly detection visualizations workflows. Leave your feedback in an issue in the [Alerting repository](<insert-link>) or [Anomaly Detection repository](<insert-link>) on GitHub.

Reviewer 5: Avoid using "team," as it implies differentiation within the community.

> ## Related sources

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
## Related resources
```

> The following OpenSearch documentation provide more information about these features.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
The following OpenSearch documentation provide more information about these features:
```

> The following OpenSearch documentation provide more information about these features.

Reviewer 5: On line 46, we use the singular "this feature".

Author: Revised to use "this feature" throughout, as we're referring to the functionality.
